HOFF-113 - Configuration for HOF boiler plate for project (#1)
UKHomeOfficeForms/hof-skeleton: README.md

# hof-skeleton

> hof-skeleton is a boiler-plate for any HOF project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hof-skeleton is a boiler-plate for any HOF project.
```
This is to get you started with HOF.  Use this to create a new project

> ## Architecture

Reviewer: If it's empty delete

## Getting Started

> You are required to intsall the following framework/packages to load the default port 8080

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the following packages to load the default port 8080
```
There's a typo

I would probably just delete these lines tbh

Step 1: nvm install 18.12.0

> Step 2: nvm use 18.12.0

Author: Ok i will have that change

Step 3: npm i -g yarn
Step 4: yarn
Step 5: yarn run start:dev

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) - Tested against LTS
- NPM (installed with Node.js) - Works with versions 2 and 3
- [Redis server](http://redis.io/download) running on the default port

### Replacing existing project and settings with a prefered project name

- In the apps folder rename the existing folder 'hof-project'.
- navigate to the index.js file on line-4 replace 'hof-project'.

> - navigate to hof-settings.json on line-8 replace the app route.

Reviewer: This is a good idea, could you provide an examples 👍
